REGISTER DOMAIN
Register a free domain on my.freenom.com e.g animals4life.ml
Created a hosted zone for the registered domain using Route53 > Hosted Zones
1 SOA and 4 NS records will be created in the Hosted Zone
Edit the free domain and point it to the aws nameservers. All 4.

CREATE BUCKET
Go to S3 and create a bucket. Since you will be using a domain name, your bucket name should use the same domain e.g top10.animals4life.ml
Pay attention to the region you created the bucket.
Disable the block all public access. By doing this, you can later make this bucket accessible anonymously over the public internet. It is a safeguard so that you don't do this mistakenly.
Keeping all other settings as default. Create the bucket

SETUP STATIC WEBSITE HOSTING
Next go to the properties of the new bucket and enable "Static website hosting". While doing this, specify your index.html and error.html file. I used the default names.
upload or add your index.html, error.html and other related files and folders to your S3 bucket.
Finally, you need to a bucket policy to your bucket so that you can access it from the public internet.
Select your bucket and go to permissions
Add the following JSON to your bucket policy and save changes. Remember to edit the resource to match your Bucket ARN.

{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Sid": "PublicRead",
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Principal": "*",
            "Action": "s3:GetObject",
            "Resource": "arn:aws:s3:::top10.animals4life.ml/*"
        }
    ]
}

POINT YOUR DOMAIN NAME TO THE S3 BUCKET
Next create an alias A record under Hosted Zones to point to the S3 bucket endpoint.
To do this, go to the registered domain name > create record > 
record name = top10.animals4life.ml
record type = A
alias = yes
routing policy = simple routing
route traffic to = Alias to S3 website endpoint
region = region you are hosting your bucket (us-east-1 in my case)
enter s3 endpoint = select your bucket
Create record

Now, if you go to top10.animals4life.ml (your domain), it should load the index file of your static website.
